The space invaders game is a JAVA Swing version of SPace invaders built using the MVC structure. The player in thee gamme is able to move left and right while also trying to avoid being hit by the alien  who is shooting back. The player can also hit the alien with bullets as well, with shields as support and the game ends when the alien reaches the player or the level is finished if the alien is eliminated.

Several extensions were added to the game inlcuding features like shields used an obstacle in favor for the player from the alien. A pause key which by pressing p which also will reume the game with the same key. Te game has a memory of what high score is achieved as long as the game is still open. A levl progression systemm that increases diffucilty after a new wave is achieved by eliminating the alien. Lastly a indicator reminding the player in the top left corner to press P key to pause game.

Each of the classes have differenet responsibilities, the GameModel is in charge of game data and logic which is for the  movement of the player and the alien also what the bullets do if hitting the Alien or shields. Also, it handles the score, lives, levels and what hhappens when the game resets or is over. The Gameview handles what the player sees. The player, alien, shjiellds the bullets flyying, The HUD showing the score and pause feature etc, and also the game over screen. The last class Game controller makes the game put together the keybaord input, the main menu, pause feature and restarting the game option, and Starting the actual game fromm the class. 